
HILL SPRITE:
  hills are fixed at the position where they are and the character appears behind them when they walk on it, floors are not rerendered when the sprite has loaded.
  pebbles hide the sprite when walked on
  > mb things should have an option to be indexed by the top

change color scheme doesnt change fog or map bg??

dont forget to do a proper title screen in particula for mobile

https://medium.com/@sam20gh/how-to-add-add-to-home-screen-to-your-website-4b07aee02676

https://www.kirupa.com/html5/accessing_your_webcam_in_html5.htm

i think edge doesnt like functions starting by _ esp nested in namespaces

DODGE.absorb_params

better memory management?

menu back->back makes an infinite loop (i.e. impossible to have more than 2 lvls)

if theres a guy behind a house interaction interacts with the house (most prominent object)

non rectangular hitboxes

make experience menu multi tiered

sprite for each party member

add new decoration items

add rens parent sendoff before trial?

save audio settings to disk!

decorate stores

sell several items at once

give party members perks like store discounts

did i fix word break in little textbox but not in CenteredTextMenu ?? https://github.com/yo252yo/rensdemons/commit/45d726acf5d6e3ff75444e5c90bd045d5150fa40 ??

the treasure battler should probs be closed

mb i need to make scroll work even without fog

mb revamp party screen with icons

different sound walking on map

i dont like how we store saved data as hidden abilities and items :P

should the LANGUAGE bits be generated from a pattern (or metapatern)?

mb i shouldnt save at all LEVLESTATE for stuff like houses

could make most think in dictionary depend from a single seed by making markov use deterministic generator

why does battletree have lists as leaves and not simply state?

Reduce the size of Datasets, maybe we can even completely generate it from the markov model? though currently generation doesnt conclude

Skip dodge phase at high level?

Get less weird list of names??

More villager small talk? More objects in house, and diversity within objects? theres ideas in todos in villager

should we merge the actions in the experience menu if they have the same name?

hans dog somewhere

make item sets (make chair with table)

mb add BestFriend to the party that follows you around, for emotional attachment

party state, thoughts, etc...

sometimes audio fail with testing.html:1 Uncaught (in promise) DOMException: Failed to load because no supported source was found. << ONLY ON CHROME DEV

assets battle civilians suck, also theres some sprites in assets/battle that are not used
mb redo buildings + characters with whtdragon/MV assets ?
credit gfroad sumnmoning circle or replace ti with rpgmaker

shop, trainer, player_action have a bit of language text, DISK?

spam space bar in battle makes the option menu reappear on fight

palette has functions that return objects, strings and functinos that just outright change the colors

add a few more actions for rubble treasures

map elements and dungeons decors could also be battleobjects

more itembattles for dungeons and world

also serve a zip DL of the game mb

The character encoding of the HTML document was not declared. The document will render with garbled text in some browser configurations if the document contains characters from outside the US-ASCII range. The character encoding of the page must be declared in the document or in the transfer protocol.

decide title

> fast travel out of dungeons after getting artifact? hard becasue the respawn point in levels is the last visited point
